Docs for skip broken symlinks (#1272)
conan-io/docs: reference/env_vars.rst

**Defaulted to**: semver_direct_mode

It changes the way package IDs are computed, but can change to any value defined in :ref:`package_id_mode`.

CONAN_SKIP_BROKEN_SYMLINKS_CHECK
--------------------------------

**Defaulted to**: ``False``/``0``

> When set to ``True``/``1``, Conan will ignore the broken symlinks while generating a package.

Reviewer: Use the same sentence
```suggestion
When set to ``True``/``1``, Conan will allow the existence broken symlinks while creating a package.
```
